# [Ideal Job:](https://careers.google.com/jobs/results/5193015338663936-ai-engineer-google-professional-services/?company=Google&company=YouTube&employment_type=FULL_TIME&hl=en_US&jlo=en_US&q=AI&sort_by=relevance )

The job that I have selected as my ideal job is one within the field of Artificial intelligence. The idea of AI is extremely fascinating to me as the possibilities for applications are endless. It seems like it is the pinnacle technology for humankind to aspire for as once it is created it will completely revolutionise society. This job requires a relevant degree in the field as well as experience working with programming languages, software design, data structures and computing algorithms. Furthermore, it lists ‘preferred qualifications’ such as experience with machine learning systems and knowledge of data warehousing concepts. 

The technical skills I currently possess are not adequate for this job as they are in the field of Client Support and Managed Operating Environment Administration. The listing does, however, mention “Experience working with technical customers and senior management” as well as “Experience working across organisational boundaries”; both of which were part of my previous roles in other companies. I hope to obtain the qualifications for this position through some of my studies at university as well as undertaking post-graduate positions in similar companies dealing with machine learning or deep learning algorithms where the experience will carry over. I plan to slowly build my technical knowledge and industry experience until I am able to obtain my career goals.

